Add dynamic template support to Twilio Sendgrid binding (#3422)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/sendgrid.md

| emailCc | N | Output | If set this specifies the 'cc' email address of the email message. Only a single email address is allowed. Optional field, see [below](#example-request-payload) | `"me@example.com"` |
| emailBcc | N | Output | If set this specifies the 'bcc' email address of the email message. Only a single email address is allowed. Optional field, see [below](#example-request-payload) | `"me@example.com"` |
| subject | N | Output | If set this specifies the subject of the email message. Optional field, see [below](#example-request-payload) | `"subject of the email"` |

> | dynamicTemplateId | N | Output | If set this specifies the dynamic template id. Optional field, see [below](#example-request-payload) | `"d-123456789"` |

Reviewer: Can dynamicTemplateId be any user defined value? Where does this Id come from, is this created by the user and can have any string format? Or is there a defined, format for the Id?

Author: It is the Sendgrid template id which is a string. The format is not well documented (see example of API here: https://docs.sendgrid.com/api-reference/transactional-templates-versions/retrieve-a-specific-transactional-template-version)

}
```

> If a dynamic template is used, the template id needs to be used and if provided, the template data is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dynamic templates
If a dynamic template is used, a `dynamicTemplateId` needs to be provided and then the`dynamicTemplateData` is used:
```

Author: Ok, good suggestion

}
```

## Dynamic templates
If a dynamic template is used, a `dynamicTemplateId` needs to be provided and then the `dynamicTemplateData` is used:

```json
{
  "operation": "create",
  "metadata": {
    "emailTo": "changeme@example.net",
    "subject": "An template email from Dapr SendGrid binding",
    "dynamicTemplateId": "d-123456789",
    "dynamicTemplateData": "{\"customer\":{\"name\":\"John Smith\"}}"
  }
}

> 

Reviewer 2: Missing ``` to close

Author: Thanks @ItalyPaleAle. Commit with fix done.
